Add vtgate and vttablet flag to truncate errors sent to client (#12899)
vitessio/vitess: go/flags/endtoend/vttablet.txt

      --queryserver-config-terse-errors                                  prevent bind vars from escaping in client error messages
      --queryserver-config-transaction-cap int                           query server transaction cap is the maximum number of transactions allowed to happen at any given point of a time for a single vttablet. E.g. by setting transaction cap to 100, there are at most 100 transactions will be processed by a vttablet and the 101th transaction will be blocked (and fail if it cannot get connection within specified timeout) (default 20)
      --queryserver-config-transaction-timeout float                     query server transaction timeout (in seconds), a transaction will be killed if it takes longer than this value (default 30)

>       --queryserver-config-truncate-error-len int                        truncate errors sent to client if they are above this value (0 means do not truncate)

Reviewer: Does this rewrite make sense?
```suggestion
      --queryserver-config-truncate-error-len int                        truncate errors sent to client if they are longer than this value (0 means do not truncate)
```
